# SARS-Cov-2
Corona Virus a pandemic in the eye of a programmer
![Corona](https://github.com/riyadhuddin/SARS-Cov-2/blob/master/img/cov19.jpeg)

Read my blog [Corona Virus the clean explanation ever.](https://medium.com/@riyadhuddin/corona-virus-the-clean-explanation-ever-466e7f50c4bc)


\

In [23]: runfile('D:/python/SARS-Cov-2/coronanalysis.py',
wdir='D:/python/SARS-Cov-2')

Comparing Wuhan and Japan january 2020

\> Line-256 15301 aaatgtgata gagccatgcc taacatgctt agaattatgg cctcacttgt
tcttgctcgc

\< Line-256 15301 aaatgtgata gagccatgcc taatatgctt agaattatgg cctcacttgt
tcttgctcgc

\

\> Line-431 25801 aacccattac tttatgatgc caactatttt ctttgctggc atactaattg
ttacgactat

\< Line-431 25801 aacccattag tttatgatgc caactatttt ctttgctggc atactaattg
ttacgactat

\

\> Line-489 29281 catcaaattg gatgacaaag atccaaattt caaagatcaa gtcattttgc
tgaataagca

\< Line-489 29281 catcaaattg gatgacaaag attcaaattt caaagatcaa gtcattttgc
tgaataagca

\

\

In [24]: runfile('D:/python/SARS-Cov-2/coronanalysis.py',
wdir='D:/python/SARS-Cov-2')

Comparing USA and Italy March 2020

\> Line-1 1 agatctgttc tctaaacgaa ctttaaaatc tgtgtggctg tcactcggct
gcatgcttag

\< Line-1 1 gaccccaaaa tcagcgaaat gcaccccgca ttacgtttgg tggaccctca
gattcaactg

\

\> Line-2 61 tgcactcacg cagtataatt aataactaat tactgtcgtt gacaggacac
gagtaactcg

\< Line-2 61 gcagtaacca gaatggagaa cgcagtgggg cgcgatcaaa acaacgtcgg
ccccaaggtt

\

\> Line-3 121 tctatcttct gcaggctgct tacggtttcg tccgtgttgc agccgatcat
cagcacatct

\< Line-3 121 tacccaataa tactgcgtct tggttcaccg ctctcactca acatggcaag
gaagacctta

\

\> Line-4 181 aggtttcgtc cgggtgtgac cgaaaggtaa gatggagagc cttgtccctg
gtttcaacga

\< Line-4 181 aattccctcg aggacaaggc gttccaatta acaccaatag cagtccagat
gaccaaattg

\

\> Line-5 241 gaaaacacac gtccaactca gtttgcctgt tttacaggtt cgcgacgtgc
tcgtacgtgg

\< Line-5 241 gctactaccg aagagctacc agacgaattc gtggtggtga cggtaaaatg
aaagatctca

\

\> Line-6 301 ctttggagac tccgtggagg aggtcttatc agaggcacgt caacatctta
aagatggcac

\< Line-6 301 gtccaagatg gtatttctac tacctaggaa ctgggccaga agctggactt
ccctatggtg

\

\> Line-7 361 ttgtggctta gtagaagttg aaaaaggcgt tttgcctcaa cttgaacagc
cctatgtgtt

\< Line-7 361 ctaacaaaga cggcatcata tgggttgcaa ctgagggagc cttgaa

\

\

In [25]:
